c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\WebsiteThuChi.dll.config
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\WebsiteThuChi.dll
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\WebsiteThuChi.pdb
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\obj\Debug\WebsiteThuChi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\obj\Debug\WebsiteThuChi.dll
c:\users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\obj\Debug\WebsiteThuChi.pdb
C:\Users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\EPPlus.dll
C:\Users\tphan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\EPPlus.xml
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\WebsiteThuChi.dll.config
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\WebsiteThuChi.dll
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\WebsiteThuChi.pdb
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\EPPlus.dll
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\EPPlus.xml
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\obj\Debug\WebsiteThuChi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\obj\Debug\WebsiteThuChi.dll
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\obj\Debug\WebsiteThuChi.pdb
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\itextsharp.dll
D:\Project\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\WebsiteThuChi\bin\RazorPDF.dll
